Document the Long-Poll Transport Limitations (#6057)
phoenixframework/phoenix: guides/deployment/deployment.md

Let's explore those steps above one by one.

> #### Stickiness, Clustering, and the Long-Polling Transport {: .warning}

Reviewer: In other for `{: .warning}` to work, you need to have everything within blockquotes, but this section is likely too big for that.  What if we move this to after "## Putting it all together" as its major section, called "Clustering and Long-Polling transports" and then we also preface by saying "If you are running more than one machine in production, which is the commend approach in most cases, ...".

Thank you for the well-written contribution.

Phoenix supports two types of transports for its Socket implementation: WebSocket, and Long-Polling. When generating a Phoenix project, you can see the default configuration set in the generated `endpoint.ex` file:

```elixir
socket "/live", Phoenix.LiveView.Socket,
  websocket: [connect_info: [session: @session_options]],
  longpoll: [connect_info: [session: @session_options]]
```

This configuration tells Phoenix that both the WebSocket and the Long-Polling options are available, and based on the client's network conditions, Phoenix will first attempt to connect to the WebSocket, falling back to the Long-Poll option after the configured timeout found in the generated `app.js` file:

```javascript
let liveSocket = new LiveSocket("/live", Socket, {
  longPollFallbackMs: 2500,
  params: {_csrf_token: csrfToken}
})
```

> This automatic fallback comes with an important caveat: if you want Long-Polling to work properly, your application must either utilize the BEAM's clustering capabilities, your `Phoenix.PubSub` server must use an adapter that can communicate across nodes (such as `Phoenix.PubSub.Redis`), or your deployment option must implement sticky sessions - ensuring that all requests for a specific session go to the same machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This automatic fallback comes with an important caveat. If you want Long-Polling to work properly, your application must either:

1. Utilize the Erlang VM's clustering capabilities, so the default `Phoenix.PubSub` adapter can broadcast messages across nodes

2. Choose a different `Phoenix.PubSub` adapter (such as `Phoenix.PubSub.Redis`)

3. Or your deployment option must implement sticky sessions - ensuring that all requests for a specific session go to the same machine
```
